littleroot@Littleroot Town
oldale@Oldale Town
dewford@Dewford Town
lavaridge@Lavaridge Town
fallarbor@Fallarbor Town
verdanturf@Verdanturf Town
pacifidlog@Pacifidlog Town
petalburg@Petalburg City
slateport@Slateport City
mauville@Mauville City
rustboro@Rustboro City
fortree@Fortree City
lilycove@Lilycove City
mossdeep@Mossdeep City
sootopolis@Sootopolis City
ever_grande@Ever Grande City
r101@Route 101
r102@Route 102
r103@Route 103
r104@Route 104
r105@Route 105
r106@Route 106
r107@Route 107
r108@Route 108
r109@Route 109
r110@Route 110
r111@Route 111
r112@Route 112
r113@Route 113
r114@Route 114
r115@Route 115
r116@Route 116
r117@Route 117
r118@Route 118
r119@Route 119
r120@Route 120
r121@Route 121
r122@Route 122
r123@Route 123
r124@Route 124
r125@Route 125
r126@Route 126
r127@Route 127
r128@Route 128
r129@Route 129
r130@Route 130
r131@Route 131
r132@Route 132
r133@Route 133
r134@Route 134
underwater_r124@Underwater
underwater_r126@Underwater
underwater_r127@Underwater
underwater_r128@Underwater
underwater_sootopolis@Underwater
granite_cave@Granite Cave
mt_chimney@Mt. Chimeny
safari_zone_hoenn@Safari Zone
battle_frontier@Battle Frontier
petalburg_woods@Petalburg Woods
rusturf_tunnel@Rusturf Tunnel
abandoned_ship@Abandoned Ship
new_mauville@New Mauville
meteor_falls@Meteor Falls
meteor_falls_unused@Meteor Falls
mt_pyre@Mt. Pyre
am_hideout@Team Aqua Hideout
shoal_cave@Shoal Cave
seafloor_cavern@Seafloor Cavern
underwater_seafloor_cavern@Underwater
victory_road_hoenn@Victory Road
mirage_island@Mirage Island
cave_of_origin@Cave of Origin
southern_island@Southern Island
fiery_path@Fiery Path
fiery_path_unused@Fiery Path
jagged_pass@Jagged Pass
jagged_pass_unused@Jagged Pass
sealed_chamber@Sealed Chamber
underwater_r134@Underwater
scorched_slab@Scorched Slab
island_cave@Island Cave
desert_ruins@Desert Ruins
ancient_tomb@Ancient Tomb
truck@Inside of Truck
sky_pillar@Sky Pillar
secret_base@Secret Base
ferry@Ferry
pallet@Pallet Town
viridian@Viridian City
pewter@Pewter City
cerulean@Cerulean City
lavender@Lavender Town
vermilion@Vermilion City
celadon@Celadon City
fuchsia@Fuchsia City
cinnabar@Cinnabar Island
indigo_plateau@Indigo Plateau
saffron@Saffron City
r4pmc@Route 4
r10pmc@Route 10
r1@Route 1
r2@Route 2
r3@Route 3
r4@Route 4
r5@Route 5
r6@Route 6
r7@Route 7
r8@Route 8
r9@Route 9
r10@Route 10
r11@Route 11
r12@Route 12
r13@Route 13
r14@Route 14
r15@Route 15
r16@Route 16
r17@Route 17
r18@Route 18
r19@Route 19
r20@Route 20
r21@Route 21
r22@Route 22
r23@Route 23
r24@Route 24
r25@Route 25
viridian_forest@Viridian Forest
mt_moon@Mt. Moon
ss_anne@S.S. Anne
underground_path_5_6@Underground Path
underground_path_7_8@Underground Path
digletts_cave@Diglett's Cave
victory_road_kanto@Victory Road
rocket_hideout@Rocket Hideout
silph_co@Silph. Co
pokemon_mansion@Pok#mon Mansion
safari_zone_kanto@Safari Zone
pokemon_league@Pok#mon League
rock_tunnel@Rock Tunnel
seafoam_islands@Seafoam Islands
pokemon_tower@Pok#mon Tower
cerulean_cave@Cerulean Cave
power_plant@Power Plant
one_island@One Island
two_island@Two Island
three_island@Three Island
four_island@Four Island
five_island@Five Island
seven_island@Seven Island
six_island@Six Island
kindle_road@Kindle Road
treasure_beach@Treasure Beach
cape_brink@Cape Brink
bond_bridge@Bond Bridge
three_isle_port@Three Isle Port
sevii_r6@Sevii Isle 6
sevii_r7@Sevii Isle 7
sevii_r8@Sevii Isle 8
sevii_r9@Sevii Isle 9
resort_gorgeous@Resort Gorgeous
water_labyrinth@Water Labyrinth
five_isle_meadow@Five Isle Meadow
memorial_pillar@Memorial Pillar
outcast_island@Outcast Island
green_path@Green Path
water_path@Water Path
ruin_valley@Ruin Valley
trainer_tower_ext@Trainer Tower
canyon_entrance@Canyon Entrance
sevault_canyon@Sevault Canyon
tanoby_ruins@Tanoby Ruins
sevii_r22@Sevii Isle 22
sevii_r23@Sevii Isle 23
sevii_r24@Sevii Isle 24
navel_rock_kanto@Navel Rock
mt_ember@Mt. Ember
berry_forest@Berry Forest
icefall_cave@Icefall Cave
rocket_warehouse@Rocket Warehouse
trainer_tower_int@Trainer Tower
dotted_hole@Dotted Hole
lost_cave@Lost Cave
pattern_bush@Pattern Bush
altering_cave_kanto@Altering Cave
tanoby_chambers@Tanoby Chambers
three_isle_path@Three Isle Path
tanoby_key@Tanoby Key
birth_island_hoenn@Birth Island
monean_chamber@Monean Chamber
liptoo_chamber@Liptoo Chamber
weepth_chamber@Weepth Chamber
dilford_chamber@Dilford Chamber
scufib_chamber@Scufib Chamber
rixy_chamber@Rixy Chamber
viapois_chamber@Viapois Chamber
ember_spa@Ember Spa
special_area@Special Area
aqua_hideout@Aqua Hideout
magma_hideout@Magma Hideout
mirage_tower@Mirage Tower
birth_island_hoenn@Birth Island
faraway_island@Faraway Island
artisan_cave@Artisan Cave
marine_cave@Marine Cave
underwater_marine_cave@Underwater
terra_cave@Terra Cave
underwater_r105@Underwater
underwater_r125@Underwater
underwater_r129@Underwater
desert_underpass@Desert Underpass
altering_cave_hoenn@Altering Cave
navel_rock_hoenn@Navel Rock
trainer_hill@Trainer Hill
landmark_D5@
landmark_D6@
landmark_D7@
landmark_D8@
landmark_D9@
landmark_DA@
landmark_DB@
landmark_DC@
landmark_DD@
landmark_DE@
landmark_DF@
landmark_E0@
landmark_E1@
landmark_E2@
landmark_E3@
landmark_E4@
landmark_E5@
landmark_E6@
landmark_E7@
landmark_E8@
landmark_E9@
landmark_EA@
landmark_EB@
landmark_EC@
landmark_ED@
landmark_EE@
landmark_EF@
landmark_F0@
landmark_F1@
landmark_F2@
landmark_F3@
landmark_F4@
landmark_F5@
landmark_F6@
landmark_F7@
landmark_F8@
landmark_F9@
landmark_FA@
landmark_FB@
landmark_FC@
gift_egg@
in_game_trade@
fateful_encounter@
alto_mare@Alto Mare
wh_hideout@White Hole Hideout
bh_hideout@Black Hole Hideout
sphere_ruins@Sphere Ruins
pokemon_building@Pok#mon Building
new_bark@New Bark Town
r29@Route 29
cherrygrove@Cherrygrove City
r30@Route 30
r31@Route 31
violet@Violet City
sprout_tower@Sprout Tower
r32@Route 32
ruins_of_alph@Ruins of Alph
union_cave@Union Cave
r33@Route 33
azalea@Azalea Town
slowpoke_well@Slowpoke Well
ilex_forest@Ilex Forest
r34@Route 34
goldenrod@Goldenrod City
radio_tower@Radio Tower
r35@Route 35
national_park@National Park
r36@Route 36
r37@Route 37
ecruteak@Ecruteak City
tin_tower@Tin Tower
burned_tower@Burned Tower
r38@Route 38
r39@Route 39
olivine@Olivine City
lighthouse@Glitter Lighthouse
battle_tower_johto@Battle Tower
r40@Route 40
whirl_islands@Whirl Islands
r41@Route 41
cianwood@Cianwood City
r42@Route 42
mt_mortar@Mt. Mortar
mahogany@Mahogany Town
r43@Route 43
lake_of_rage@Lake of Rage
r44@Route 44
ice_path@Ice Path
blackthorn@Blackthorn City
dragons_den@Dragon's Den
r45@Route 45
dark_cave@Dark Cave
r46@Route 46
silver_cave@Silver Cave
lavender_radio_tower@Lavender Radio Tower
r26@Route 26
r27@Route 27
tohjo_falls@Tohjo Falls
r28@Route 28
fast_ship@Fast Ship
porcelia@Porcelia Town
junopsis@Junopsis City
seafin@Seafin City
gamboge@Gamboge City
shamouti@Shamouti Island
nephrite@Nephrite City
oprimence@Orpimence City
lapizula@Lapizula City
new_island@New Island
shakudo@Shakudo Island
ravenplume@Ravenplume City
r510pmc@Route 510
r501@Route 501
r502@Route 502
r503@Route 503
r504@Route 504
r505@Route 505
r506@Route 506
r507@Route 507
r508@Route 508
r509@Route 509
r510@Route 510
r511@Route 511
r512@Route 512
r513@Route 513
r514@Route 514
r515@Route 515
r516@Route 516
r517@Route 517
r518@Route 518
r519@Route 519
r520@Route 520
r522@Route 522
r521@Route 521
r523@Route 523
porcelia_forest@Porcelia Forest
mt_snowfall@Mt. Snowfall
chateau_of_time@Chateau of Time
fire_island@Fire Island
lightning_island@Lightning Island
wisemans_cave@Wisemanâ€™s Cave
victory_road_tohoak@Victory Road
dh_hideout@Dark Hole Hideout
dh_building@Dark Hole Building
spirit_mansion@Spirit Mansion
safari_zone_tohoak@Safari Zone
pokemon_league_tohoak@Pok#mon League
undersea_tunnel@Undersea Tunnel
ice_island@Ice Island
tower_of_darkness@Tower of Darkness
pokemon_castle@Pok#mon Castle
perimeter_labs@Perimeter Labs
distant_island@Distant Island
sphere_ruins_unused@Sphere Ruins
silent@Silent Town
rn101@Route N101
silent_hills@Silent Hills
pagota@Pagota City
brass_tower@Brass Tower
rn102@Route N102
westport@Westport City
radio_tower_nihon@Radio Tower
rn103@Route N103
birdon@Birdon Town
slowpoke_well_nihon@Slowpoke Well
rn116@Route N116
rn117@Route N117
endon_cave@Endon Cave
sanskrit@Sanskrit Town
ruins_of_alph_nihon@Ruins Of Alph
tidal_grotto@Tidal Grotto
rn118@Route N118
sunpoint@Sunpoint City
magma_shaft@Magma Shaft
sunpoint_docks@Sunpoint Docks
rn119@Route N119
boulder_mines@Boulder Mines
rn120@Route N120
teknos@Teknos City
boardwalk@Boardwalk
rn104@Route N104
rn105@Route N105
jade_forest@Jade Forest
rn106@Route N106
alloy@Alloy City
rn107@Route N107
koban@Koban Island
dragons_maw@Dragon's Maw
rn108@Route N108
rn109@Route N109
ampare_cavern@Ampare Cavern
rn110@Route N110
blue_forest@Blue Forest
deepwater_passage@Deepwater Passage
rn111@Route N111
whirl_island_nihon@Whirl Island
frostpoint@Frostpoint Town
rn112@Route N112
stand@Stand City
national_park_nihon@National Park
rn113@Route N113
rn114@Route N114
kanto_nihon@Kanto Region
rn115@Route N115
crown_pass@Crown Pass
crown@Crown City
victory_road_nihon@Victory Road
nihon_league@Nihon League
rainbow_island@Rainbow Island
tropical_island@Tropical Island
forked_strait@Forked Strait
iced_cavern@Iced Cavern
kume@Kume City
kume_point@Kume Point
kerama_strait@Kerama Strait
apple_orchard@Apple Orchard
daito_ranch@Daito Ranch
great_east_strait@Great East Strait
nanjo_forest@Nanjo Forest
urasoe_trail@Urasoe Trail
urasoe_park@Urasoe Park
ryukyu@Ryukyu City
charred_summit@Charred Summit
meridian_path@Meridian Path
castle_mountain@Castle Mountain
ie_town@Ie Town
motobu_path@Motobu Path
nago_village@Nago Village
isen_strait@Isen Strait
seaside_path@Seaside Path
joule_cave@Joule Cave
kikai_caldera@Kikai Caldera
kikai@Kikai Village
kikai_strait@Kikai Strait
tatsugo_path@Tatsugo Path
battle_tower_nihon@Battle Tower
amami@Amami Town
fast_ship_nihon@Fast Ship
cliff_edge_gate@Cliff Edge Gate
route_47@Route 47
cliff_cave@Cliff Cave
route_48@Route 48
safari_zone_Gate@Safari Zone Gate
safari_zone_johto@Safari Zone
sunford@Sun Ford Town
luster@Luster Town
polaris@Polaris Town
borora@Borora Town
selaro@Selaro Town
veronica@Veronica Town
downpour@Down Pour Town
snowsoft@Snow Soft City
monatami@Monatami City
destral@Destral City
rentelbud@Rentelbud City
greenvalley@Green Valley
retazo@Retazo City
morient@Morient Town
ultimacity@Ultima City
green_path@Green Path
pass_path@Pass Path
sky_path@Sky Path
sea_path@Sea Path
silk_path@Silk Path
fire_cave@Fire Cave
bike_path@Bike Path
sand_path@Sand Path
heat_path@Heat Path
unown_cave@Unown Cave
rd_base@R.D. Base
dark_woods@Dark Woods
wind_path@Wind Path
side_path@Side Path
bee_woods@Bee Woods
leaf_path@Leaf Path
ring_path@Ring Path
lust_path@Lust Path
pyre_path@Pyre Path
cyan_path@Cyan Path
sf_path@S.F. Path
sun_path@Sun Path
rd_destiny@Destiny
hydro_cave@Hydro Cave
iron_path@Iron Path
champ_island@Champion Island
blue_path@Blue Path
rose_path@Rose Path
lost_cave@Lost Cave
underwater_sea_path1@Underwater
underwater_gento_blank1@Underwater
underwater_gento_blank2@Underwater
underwater_sea_path2@Underwater
underwater_gento_blank3@Underwater
francia_cave@Francia Cave
mt_blaze@Mt. Blaze
safari_zone_gento@Safari Zone
vermilion_harbor@Kanto Harbor
bug_forest@Bug Forest
renica_tunnel@Renica Tunnel
tabuli@Tabuli Town
electric_cave@Electric Cave
ancient_cave@Ancient Cave
ancient_cave_unused@Ancient Cave
mt_pyte_gento@Mt. Pyre
lc_hideout@LC Hideout
north_cave@North Cave
seafloor_cavern_gento@Seafloor Cavern
underwater_seafloor_cavern_gento@Underwater
victory_road_gento@Victory Road
mirage_island_gento@Mirage Island
cave_of_origin_gento@Cave Of Origin
blue_path_cave@Blue Path Cave
raleso_town@Raleso Town
blank1@
lost_sea@Lost Sea
lost_sea_unused@Lost Sea
time_hole@Time Hole
underwater_gento_blank4@Underwater
lost_lorina@Lost Lorina
francia_forest@Francia Forest
pina_francia@Pina Francia
thin_forest@Thin Forest
dark_isle@Dark Isle
